Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Open the power of your eye.
Open the power of your eye
that you placed inside me
by forsaking my organs.
Mimihagi, Mimihagi...
Open the power of your eye.
The power of Mimihagi
was attached to my lungs.
The ritual that expands that power
to all the organs of my body
is called Kamikake.
Every organ in my body
now belongs to Mimihagi.
By giving all of my organs
to Mimihagi,
I become the embodiment
of Mimihagi.
I am now
the Soul King's right arm itself.
From the moment
I knew why I survived,
I've thought about this day.
Nothing would please me more...
than to sacrifice this life
I once lost for the Court Guards.
I'm sorry, Kuchiki.
Seems I'm always
making things hard for you.
Captain!
There are two types of battles...!
You understand, don't you, Kuchiki?
The tremor... has stopped!
I see.
The fact that it doesn't reflect
on my eyes means...
You are the Soul King himself.
Why is the Soul King's right arm
getting in my way?
Have you grown attached
to the Soul Society
you've been protecting?
Answer me, Soul King!
I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
The left hand of the Soul King
controls advancement...
and the right hand
controls stillness.
So, you're holding on by a thread
to what little is left
of your life.
Stop!
I never imagined that
you of all people
would stand in my way!
That black thing is
the Soul King's arm?
I don't understand.
Why would one
who can foresee the future
try to interfere
with his right arm?
Does that imply that the will of
Soul King does not reside there?
Then I shall blow away
both you and that right arm.
You still choose to
stand in my way?
CHIZEIMON / TESSHIMON / KOZANMON
Good job stopping him, Ichigo!
By grabbing onto the Soul King,
this thing seems to have stabilized
the Soul Society.
In that case, we'll preserve them
like this as the new Soul King!
- Yoruichi!
- Way to go!
Don't let him get any closer,
Ichigo!
Right!
Getsuga...
te—
- Kurosaki!
- Ichigo!
Good!
Too bad.
The future you foresaw
will never come.
Out of my way, Ichigo.
I told you.
I'm going to stop you
so I can protect everything.
Why do you keep saying
you'll "stop" me?
What am I to you?
Am I not your sworn enemy?
Your inability to say "kill" against
the man who killed your mother
is why you are weak, Ichigo.
Ishida...!
No! The Soul King...!
Damn it...!
Ishida, you bastard...
What do you think you're doing?!
Stop!
Gotcha.
Once the first set of balls
strike you...
The second set of balls
will disintegrate and melt you!
Parnkgjas!
What is... this power?
Yoruichi!
Well done, Uryu.
Do not interfere with His Majesty,
Kurosaki.
I said,
what do you think you're doing...
Ishida?!
Ishida...
Ishida.
Don't move.
All of you.
Make even the slightest move...
and I'll shoot.
I said I'd shoot.
Quit messing around...
Ishida!
Don't you know why we're here?
I heard.
It's to stop His Majesty, right?
And I'm saying
I'm not going to let you.
If we don't stop Yhwach,
the Soul Society,
the World of the Living,
and Hueco Mundo
will all cease to exist!
Do you think I'm here
without knowing that?
You knew all along?
If you know why we're here,
and what we're fighting for...
Then why are you still standing
on their side?!
Isn't it obvious?
It's because... I'm a Quincy.
If you're going to stop
His Majesty,
you'll have to do it
over my dead body.
Ishida...
What's this?
I was told somebody was
trying to stop His Majesty,
so I figured it'd be
a massive army...
But all I see are foot soldiers.
Screw you!
We're an army by ourselves!
Oh? This should be interesting.
Let's do this!
Chad, Orihime!
He fired them without his bow!
Licht Regen.
Gotcha.
Stop fooling around, Ishida!
Look who's talking...
What?
You had the perfect chance
to kill me just now.
You know I wouldn't do that!
You're our—
Weren't you listening?!
I'm a Quincy...
That's all that matters.
Damn it, Ishida...!
This world doesn't need...
Soul Reapers!
Let me show you...
my resolve.
What the hell?
What's wrong?
The Sutra Scale readings on
the border intensity level
have become unstable.
Could it be the Hollows again?
No, I'm seeing no increase
or decrease in their numbers.
Then what's causing it?
It isn't an issue with
the balance of souls
between the three worlds.
What do you mean, sir?
What we should be
focusing on instead is...
I've heard that the Soul King's
right arm controls stillness.
Stillness?
Are you saying that power is what's
keeping the three worlds together?
Although he became one
with Mimihagi via Kamikake,
this power is fueled by
Mr. Ukitake's own life.
Stabilizing the world
in place of the Soul King
would tax it immeasurably.
We must hurry...
Ishida, that form...
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
It's my new power.
Shiba-style Shooting Flower...
Senpen Banka!
Pathetic... Begone!
Brazo Izquierdo Del Diablo!
Oooh, I'm scared...
You take us lightly.
Do you think you could beat us
with an attack like that?
No, we don't!
That's why...
Renkan Seppa-Sen!
Oh, yeah!
Did you see that?
I was badass, right?!
That was well played.
I'll give you that.
But if that was everything
you've got,
then I'd say you guys
made a fatal mistake.
Captain Ukitake...
He's still fighting!
Isn't there anything we can do
to help the captain?!
Captain Ukitake, stop!
You can't keep this up—!
You cannot defeat me.
Just give it up and fall!
Shut up!
I'm never gonna let it go!
You're on their side
just because you're a Quincy?
That's bullshit!
I don't need you to understand.
And now you're going to kill me?!
My master once said that
Quincies and Soul Reapers
could find common ground.
It's true that I once thought
that was possible myself.
But I was wrong.
Our grudge goes back
a thousand years...
The confined Quincy King waited for
the moment he knew would come...
while the Quincies left behind
were massacred by the Soul Reapers...
including my master.
It was always us Quincies
whose blood was spilled.
I cannot forgive the one
who took everything from me!
Ishida!
What's the matter?
Aren't you going to attack?
If you won't come at me,
then I will take on
all of you at once!
Go on, be my guest.
Let's put an end to this...
Ishida...
I proved my resolve with this.
What about you?
Where is your honor...
Kurosaki?
Getsuga Jujisho!
Sternenstaub!
You're so naïve...
Even so, I still...
Kurosaki...
I won't let you kill His Majesty.
I still...
Ishi... da...
Well done, newbie!
We accept you as one of us!
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
Right arm of the Soul King...
You wish to consume me,
your own child?
How sad...
You may have foreseen the future,
but you could not foresee
the difference in our power.
You are far inferior
to what I am now.
Captain Ukitake!
My father...
Your role is done.
The Quincy King
will regain the world
to create a new one.
Give unto me all that you are!
I will take everything
that is the Soul King.
I will restore the world
to the way it should be!
"To those who know not
the absence of power"
"Look toward the sky
with your shattered ego"
"The one sky
that no one could enter"
"Until the King was roused
from his slumber"